Remove deprecated legacy color names (#1526)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/dull-rats-fry.md

---

> '@sumup/design-tokens': major

Reviewer: You also need another changeset for `@sumup/design-tokens` 🙂

---

> Removed the deprecated `success`, `warning` and `danger` legacy color names. Use semantic colors `confirm`, `notify` and `alert`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed the deprecated `success`, `warning` and `danger` color variants. Use `confirm`, `notify` and `alert` instead.
```
